Also beat them such as Yes.
OK so before starting writing code let me show you what is the expected final application.
So this is just the illustration of what the beginning of the question.
Very simple.
OK so this is the start to see a long way to execute to simply note.
So you can see here first it goes to this location and then it starts browsing the area and the street
laughs.
Now we take it straight so you can see now Silver Foxes up demand gold the gold from this point is that
one and then moves away when it arrives at the corner.
It has to stay.
OK so here I'll take that.
So I've already told you lately that we are in a developing story.
So first of all I'm moved to create a cutting package workspace.
OK.
And then I need to combine.
Then you could keep packages and let me make another decision by them to start my work.
So OK so I just created this package and I need to open it so open it clicks and then it does so I can
make the fresh doesn't appear.
Now I can see the new package here.
OK.
So it is a command.
And here your father folder essentially funding for putting the source files.
Ok so let's do this again.
So this is and you don't want to create source files that have to go wrong but
you know
so are looking for.
So we do have to trust that each library and this is the main function.
Now you should know are going to collector to seek either order or with you.
Anyway.
Other software used to create a note to have a reference for that.
OK so my intention is to write a new method to move straight forward.
OK.
I don't know what street.
So the first thing is not the.
I'm going to check the clock method.
It takes a spin a double.
This is the deal.
This is the distance to move.
This is the direction of the robot.
If it is to move forward despite the move backward and that I start the implementation of the method.
And so it's going to specify a speed limit for such a distance.
So you know that in physics this field is to the all the distance it will go as you might implode by
time.
So this is basically what we're going to use
so I'm going to make it go from.
No we need to publish something.
So but what methods to publish and how.
So first of all let me do this you know I need to underscore
So this is on the scene of the.
OK and not just different topics.
We need to make this OK.
You have three topics left.
Doctor what sort of topic that we need to move the data is what we call the 1 cm demonises for comment.
So let's look at user comment.
What is it doing to make you stop the flow
of the wind.
Now I can see that there is on one subscriber that you see not the Senate but the diet or the message
to be sent to this topic is the message.
So let's look what is inside that message.
Russ M S G Show.
Ok this message.
So Christmas's what these two components the city and under the velocity and each type of because it
contains the attributes X Y and Z.
Now since you are a two dimensional space so what matters for us is the x 4 x component and is a component
of the aggregate.
You can see the previous use if you want to have more detailed information about this.
So the idea here is to publish this message from our you know what to make it move.
So first of all we need to create a message and publish that message.
So what do we need.
We need a message of that German team at.
And also a publisher so that you can publish that message to the subscriber that you to see.
So for this to create two things First of all the method move I'm going to create this message is your
medium is just me.
And also I need to create a publisher for the column.
So I to create a global variable for the publisher.
So I'm going to get to publish that as a global variable.
So these publisher need to be initialized the main function.
So to get a publisher you tried to publish it equal to advertisers.
This is the third method that is a top rated method.
It takes the type of the message to be advertised.
In this case you have to use message and the name of the topic is that the 170 vote which we funded
using the last topic.
OK so now our coverage is Dick Clark and also is its created.
So my question now is the method that I would give it so to speak for example here I don't get it yet.
The city of 2.0.
What a difference what exemplified it.
For example in the four words that actually so I would like to write and test this method.
This the method works.
So first of all I need to define what we mean by action of yours.
So we created the velocity message.
Are going to set the daily pounding it must be positive for one that is true and negative if it isn't
in the action.
So this is how you said that the evidence that Iraq is for that is before the election.
I'm going to cite a positive that is of the speech was given by the debate.
Do you foresee to be positive because moving forward.
I mean could you be any more.
Not that I need to defend the city the way I do.
You don't because we're not going to move either left or right side.
It's only two dimensional space facing one that actually acts.
And the second is that we need to set the order in the city.
OK.
So what is the message.
It has two components really.
So here you have said the new year of the X Y and Z you get a chance and you need to do the C for the
angular velocity in the x y and z that actually only say.
So the value of the ballistic must be equal to zero.
So as you said I wouldn't I'm going to apply that this is equal to speed multiplied by time.
So first of all I'm going to take the value of time to measure the current time that I'm going to have
a row.
OK what do we do.
We publish publish the results.
OK.
So I'm going to make a rule why not reach out to the inner city and
the distance or the current distance much
distance made
by you state what you specified distance or what.
Let's say it is smaller.
Ortigas So this is the exact condition I'm going to make to these conditions so yea I'm going to guesstimate
the distance.
So to make the distance OK.
But by the time you of the robot multiplied by.
OK what is the current time minus the zero that is the time I have measured before that.
So just give me the duration of execution.
OK.
And each time I publish the message I'm going to do it again the distance and then check this see the
current distance that was moved by what is equal to the speed that they have set here.
OK.
Multiply by the difference of the current time minus the initial time.
This gives Actually the time duration.
So this is all we are going to do.
So in order to find the initial time zero we got to use a roast method that is called Barrow's time.
Now they use value object I'm going to convert it to seconds.
So to settle these views double the value of the current so called Zero that
I'm going to say the distance is zero because it usually isn't any anything.
And finally I want to make my way to my ego.
That is why.
Why do I put my condition.
So it is in my book just published that message.
So if you remember we have already lost.
We probably should be initialized.
You know me.
I'm going to use these global event to publish the speed of the orbit using this method.
OK.
And here I'm going to publish what is the message we're going to publish to get this message.
Then I need to measure the distance the current distance.
OK.
So first of all to take the current time you want one simple question.
And then I can estimate the current distance moved by what it would speed multiplied by Keelung minus
zero.
And that is not too big the publisher if I need to make cross the once in the future I'm going to show
the difference between low speed and the rest of the mass because if we don't make Rusti this should
not be a leap to actually be buffer.
And at the speed was Scott
OK so then we need to make sure the workbook.
So we are going to repeat the sheet with the policy that is going to keep moving until we get to the
distance.
Why.
Because the science is smaller than the distance.
So while this is smaller than the distance I want to move.
It's going to perform the role as many times as it gets.
So of course it's going to do to do this I need to make a smart a small.
All week do you really object.
Not really.
Okay.
And then maybe second.
So a message is sent the message is the second so you don't want one second to send that message.
And then want to make the
here that's the
and finally the last thing.
This is also important.
We need
we need to set the glasses back to zero so that whenever it is out of the low whenever it is out of
the loop I'm going to publish zero message equities.
So I'm forced to stop immediately.
Otherwise we keep moving forward sometimes because it takes into the memory so when we publish we to
execute a certain amount of time.
But if you do it like this is going to force the robot to stop immediately its comments but this is
what we want.
So now we have the mobile book so we can just test it
so now we are going to go it.
So if I were to go to Google workspace need to make cake make of course here doesn't take into account
our new application.
Why.
Because we did not like this into the cup.
You make me so not to be able to come by OK.
So here in the source directory under the same directory that is a key.
So each package it has its own document list will treat all of the so we need to add one executable.
So in order to go by and execute in that key workspace in the middle is this one.
So here I think will anybody to know you're going to call it not.
And make reference to be I would like to compile it.
So we have written what about you the Mississippi.
So I'm going to specify this here.
OK.
Then to execute when this is exit it will note that the target line.
So this is too late.
All the love is defined in that key to our newly created node.
And this is the policy that we need whenever we have messages to be generated but for the states this
is optional not just want to put it here.
Now we see what I would do this I'm going to go by the being
what happens
here.
There is a problem.
There is a dependency problem of course not to fix this.
To fix this we need to do the following.
We first need to go to the catkin workspace of the.
So to get at least OK some dependencies.
So the first thing we need to add here.
OK.
We need to add one package in the components and leave all the packages that our application back on.
So we are writing is less so because the pump on the nurses BP so articles doesn't depend on Sunday
messages so it harm any movie just really just in case you could use any of the stations send the message
that history like what is important is to include them as you swipe because you not included in the
message is that age.
OK.
So the psychics must be included as the.
So I we did hear in my package and also just done okay getting back page.
OK.
It all depends as you copy.
So this is actually that well what is effective.
So all of this is the other method.
The other one I find the packages and your packages dependencies all these dresses the standard messages
Germany Emmets Yes and message type.
OK so now even if we combine in we still go to a dependency problem because we need to also look at
the package for X-amount site.
So how to do this
we need a big dependency and drug dependency so all the slavery's must be dependencies in that be compiling
or running the program.
So all you need to do is to add some text file and you could you have believed the band was of the year
for those files.
And you this is a very important part insofar as your Mickey Mouse.
Now if I'm going to combat again I can make
it works perfectly fine.
So I don't know if I am going to delete this dependency and I compiled it in
OK.
It's going to make the same error as before.
Well Gates says that you cannot find there is this problem.
OK Joe the message is has to be alive but is not used as a B.
OK.
It's not just use as a B.
And that's what we need to put you back in the competition.
So often successful compilation.
Now we are ready to execute our No.
But before this is the last step is actually to test the mood.
I'm going to take this code.
Why don't we ask the user under his feet and the distance that direction.
And finally to execute the method more.
OK.
We him remove this
of course all of the namespace using the name is
and we also define the variables and that is in that instance
boolean use or
I'm going to combine again.
Make If that is your goal for completion.
Also another way to do it using Project B.
PAUL So you do exactly the same thing project.
All fun and you with what I'm
going to make us run so that follow.
That is good to see.
You know I could have anyone do that.
But before this let's all the first
this you know.
So this is these to not your.
Now this is our application Great just what I need.
So under this.
That's me doing the distance 5 and forword Yes
OK.
So this is not the execution of that you well let's make it work with a speed that will to fight for
the same distance and also allow it's back to you
OK.
So it's a little bit tired because of the distance but you can maybe we can make it more accurate if
you want.
So one thing you can do to make it more accurate is actually hearing what you read.
OK.
I'm going to make one hundred messages per second instead of 10 messages.
Says that's what the date is going to be more frequent.
Again oh by the way
use the known OK.
Let's show our to the.
One way to make it is to Wow.
And going to in school like
OK so it's more OK to go to some other news
disagree.
This is what you see it's not just fun things that you're seconds in the back of that action.
So it's pretty much fine.
So in the next story I'm going to show how we can make a decent day.
And also how to set up a vision for how to make to take a certain design that I'm good at.
So if you have any suggestions or comments about this so please step below and you can also find the
complete code just to look for us.
Thank you very much.